1.
- Azure provides flexibility between CapEx and OpEx.
- When an Azue virtual machine is stopped, you continue to pay storage costs associated to the VM

2.
When you are configuring a software as a service (SaaS) solution, you are responsible for configuring high availability.

3.
You plan to migrate all the servers to Azure. You need to recommend a solution to ensure that some of the servers are available **if a single Azure data center goes offline** for an extended period.

Solution: Fault tolerance

5.
An organization that hosts its infrastructure in **a private cloud** can **decommission** its data center.

6.
Two characteristics of the public cloud:
- metered pricing
- self-service management

7.
When planning to migrate a public website to Azure, you must plan to pay monthly usage costs.
(However, with inbound data traffic into your environment, this is free.)

8.
Your company plans to migrate all its data and resources to Azure.
The company's migration plan states that only platform as a service (PaaS) solutions must be used in Azure.
You need to deploy an Azure environment that supports the planned migration.

Solution: You create an Azure App Service and Azure SQL databases. (because Azure App service SQL Database are in Paas)
Note: Azure virtual machines, Azure Storage account andData center are in Iaas.

11.
Your company hosts an accounting named App1 that is used by all the customers of the company.
App1 has low usage during the first three weeks of each month and very high usage during the last week of each month.

Solution: elasticity

13.
You plan to migrate a web application to Azure. The web application is accessed by external users.
You need to recommend a cloud deployment solution to **minimize the amount of administrative** effort used to manage the web application.

Solution: Paas (because its a web app, SaaS is for software services like Office365. Web app may need modifications, for which Paas is good)

14.
You have an on-premises network that contains 100 servers.
You need to recommend a solution that provides additional resources to your users. The solution must minimize capital and operational expenditure costs.

Solution: hybrid cloud

15.
A company can extend the capicity of its internal network by using the public cloud

16.
You plan to migrate several servers from an on-premises network to Azure.
You need to identify the primary benefit of using a public cloud service for the servers.

Solution: The public cloud is a shared entity whereby multiple corporations each use a portion of the resources in the cloud

17.
You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines.
You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines are available **if a single data center fails**.

Solution: You deploy the virtual machines to two or more availability zones.

20.
You have 1,000 virtual machines hosted on the Hyper-V hosts in a data center.
You plan to migrate all the virtual machines to an Azure pay-as-you-go subscription.
You need to identify which expenditure model to use for the planned Azure solution.

Which expenditure model should you identify?

Solution: operational 
(The expenditure models are either CapEx or OpEx.Capital or Operational. 
CapEx is what you pay upfront, on prem, for servers, racks, cooling, security, the Datacenter itself. 
OpEx is what you pay to keep your infrastructure operational, like IT staff. )

21.
- Fault tolerance, a cloud service that remains available after it occurs
- Disaster recovery, a cloud service that can be recovered after it occurs
- Dynamic scalability, a cloud service that perfroms quickly when it increases
- Low latency, a cloud service that can be accessed quickly to the Internet


22.
- A resource can interact with resources in other resource groups.
- If you delete a resource group, all the resources in the resource group will be deleted.
- A resource group can contain resources from multiple Azure regions.

23.
Your company has an on-premises network that contains multiple servers.
The company plans to reduce the following administrative responsibilities of network administrators:
The company plans to migrate several servers to Azure virtual machines.
You need to identify which administrative responsibilities will be reduced after the planned migration.

Solution:
- Replacing failed server hardware
- Managing physical server security

25.
If you set permissions to a resource group, all the Azuez resources in that resource group inherit the permissions.
Tags applied to the resource group are NOT inherited by the resources in that resource group.

26.                   
Your company plans to deploy an Artificial Intelligence (AI) solution in Azure.

Solution:  Azure Machine Learning Studio

27.
Advisor is a personalized cloud consultant that helps you follow best practices to optimize your Azure deployments. 
It analyzes your resource configuration and usage telemetry and then recommends solutions that can help you improve the cost effectiveness, performance, high availability, and security of your Azure resources.

28.
- Powershell can be installed everywhere
- Azure CLI is built for cross platform
- Portal can be accessed through any browsser

29.
Azure Resource Manager provides a common platform for deploying objects to a cloud infrastructure and for implementing consistency across the Azure environment.


30.
Virtual assistant ---> AI bot
Prediction ---> Machine Learning
Serverless ---> Functions
Sensor ----> IOT

31.
Each business unit requires 20 different Azure resources for daily operation. All the business units require the same type of Azure resources.
You need to recommend a solution to automate the creation of the Azure resources.

Soluition: Azure Resource Manager templates

32.

- Azure Databriks, a big data analysis service for machine learing
- Azure Application Insights, dectects and diagnoses anomalies in web apps 
- Azure App Service, hosts Web app

33.
"For all Virtual Machines that have two or more instances deployed across two or more Availability Zones in the same Azure region, we guarantee you will have Virtual Machine Connectivity to at least one instance at least 99.99% of the time."
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/sla/virtual-machines/v1_8/


34.
Which Azure service should you use to correlate events from multiple resources into a centralized repository?

Azure Monitor
(because the Log Analytics is just a query function INSIDE the Azure Monitor.
Azure Monitor is used to centralized telemetry collection.)
                 
37.
You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop.

Solution : Azure Power Shell or Azure portal

38.
Data that is copied to an Azure Storage account is maintained automatically in at least 3 copies
Create a new storage account (destination) where you want to take the back-up.
There are no limits to the number of blobs or files that you can put in a storage account.

39.
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/manage-availability

40.
An Azure region contains one or more data centers that are connected by using a low-latency network.

41.
You plan to deploy 20 virtual machines to an Azure environment. To ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 cannot connect to the other virtual machines, VM1 must be deployed to a separate virtual network.

42.
When you need to delegate permissions to several Azure virtual machines simultaneously, you must deploy the Azure virtual machines to the same resource group.

43.
A team of **developers** at your company plans to deploy, and then remove, 50 customized virtual machines each week. Thirty of the virtual machines run Windows
Server 2016 and 20 of the virtual machines run Ubuntu Linux.

Solution: Azure DevTest Labs
(Azure DevTest Labs enables developers on teams to efficiently self-manage virtual machines (VMs) and PaaS resources without waiting for approvals.)

44.
One of the benefits of Azure SQL Data Warehouse is that **high availability** is built into the platform.

45.
You install the CLI on a computer.
You need to tell the support engineer which tools to use to run the CLI.

Solution:
- Command Prompt
-  Windows PowerShell

47.
You plan to store 20 TB of data in Azure. The data will be accessed infrequently and visualized by using Microsoft Power BI.
Solution
- Azure Data Lake (https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/power-bi-dataflows-and-azure-data-lake-storage-gen2-integration-preview/)
- Azure SQL Data Warehouse (https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/integrations/azure-sql-data-warehouse/)

48.
You have an Azure environment that contains 10 web apps. To which URL should you connect to manage all the Azure resources?

Solution: Portal.azure.com

49.
You need to identify the type of failure for which an Azure availability zone can be used to protect access to Azure services.
What should you identify?

Solution: an Azure data center failure
(Availability Zones is a high-availability offering that protects your applications and data from datacenter failures.
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/availability-zones/az-overview)

50.
You plan to extend your company's network to Azure. The network contains a **VPN appliance** that uses an IP address of 131.107.200.1.
You need to create an Azure resource that identifies the VPN appliance.
Which Azure resource should you create? 

Solution: Local network gateways
(A local network gateway represents the hardware or software VPN device in your local network. Use this with a connection to set up a site-to-site VPN connection between an Azure virtual network and your local network.)

51.
You have a virtual machine named VM1 that runs Windows Server 2016. VM1 is in the East US Azure region.
Which Azure service should you use from the Azure portal to view service **failure notifications** that can affect the availability of VM1?

Solution: Azure Monitor

52.
An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources.
You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script.

Solution:
- Run the script from a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure CLI tools installed.
- Run the script from a computer that runs macOS and has PowerShell Core 6.0 installed.(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/automate-azure-tasks-with-powershell/5-create-resource-interactively?pivots=macos)

55.
You have an Azure environment that contains 10 virtual networks and 100 virtual machines.
You need to limit the amount of inbound traffic to all the Azure virtual networks.

Solution: Create one Azure firewall
(because NSG(network security group) just block or open a port)

57.
An integrated solution for the deployment of code - Azure DevOps
A tool that provides guidance and recommendation to improve an Azure environment - Azure Advisor
A simplified tool to build intelligent Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications - Azure Cognitive services
Monitors web applications - Azure Application Insights

58.
You plan to implement a solution that enables the client computers on your on-premises network to communicate to the Azure virtual machines.
You need to recommend which Azure resources must be created for the planned solution.

Solution:
- a virtual network
- a gateway subnet

59.
- Azure SQL Database, a managed relational cloud database service.
- Azure SQL Data Warehouse, a cloud-based service that leverages massively parallel processing to quickly run complex queries across petabytes of data in a relational database.
- Azure Data Lake Analytics, can run massively parallel data transformation and processing programs across patabytes of data.
- Azure HDInsight, an open-source framwork for the distributed processing and analysis of big data sets in clusters.

60.
- Monitor, monitor the health of Azure services
- Marketplace, Browse available virtual machine images
- Advisor, view security recommendations

61.
You have an Azure environment.
You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop.

Solution: You use Bash in Azure Cloud Shell.

62.
You plan to create an Azure virtual machine.
Which storage service must be used to store the data disks of the virtual machine?

Solution: Blobs
("VHDs that are used in Azure are .vhd files that are stored as page blobs in either a standard or premium storage account in Azure. It’s also important to note that Azure only supports the fixed disk VHD format.")

63.
Your company plans to move several servers to Azure.
The company's compliance policy states that a server named FinServer must be on a separate network segment.

Solution:
Recommend a virtual network for FinServer and another virtual network for all the other servers.

64.
You plan to map a network drive from several computers that run Windows 10 to Azure Storage. 
You need to create a storage solution in Azure for the planned mapped drive.
What should you create?

A Files service in a storage account

65.
You need to implement a database solution that meets the following requirements:
✑ Can add data concurrently from multiple regions
✑ Can store JSON documents
Which database service should you deploy? 

Azure Cosmos DB

66.
Your company plans to migrate all its network resources to Azure.
You need to start the planning process **by exploring Azure**.
What should you create first?

Solution: a subscription

67.
You have an on-premises application that sends email notifications automatically based on a rule.
You plan to migrate the application to Azure.
You need to recommend a serverless computing solution for the application.
What should you include in the recommendation?

Solution: a logic app

68.
You plan to deploy a website to Azure. The website will be accessed by users worldwide and will host large video files.
You need to recommend which Azure feature must be used to provide the best video playback experience.

Solution: a content delivery network (CDN)

69.
Your company plans to deploy several million sensors that will upload data to Azure.
You need to identify which Azure resources must be created to support the planned solution.

Azure Queue storage and Azure IoT Hub

70.
You have an **Azure web app**.
You need to manage the settings of the web app from an iPhone.
What are two Azure management tools that you can use? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

Solution
- Azure CLI
- Azure Cloud Shell

71.
These Azure services have the following SLAs:
App Service web apps = 99.95%
SQL Database = 99.99%

What is the maximum downtime you would expect for this application? 
If either service fails, the whole application fails. 
The probability of each service failing is independent, so the composite SLA for this application is 99.95% × 99.99% = 99.94%.
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/reliability/requirements#understand-service-level-agreements)

72.
If a resource group named RG1 has a delete lock, the delete lock must be removed before an administrator decides to delete.

73.
Azure Germany can be used by any user or enterprise that requires its data to reside in Germany.

74.
After you create a virtual machine, you need to modify the network security group (NSG) to allow connections from TCP port 8080 to the virtual machine.

75.
Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines.
You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP.

Solution: You modify an Azure firewall.

78.
Which two types of customers are eligible to use Azure Government to develop a cloud solution?
- a United States government entity
- a United States government contractor

80.
You need to ensure that when Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) users connect to Azure AD from the Internet by using an anonymous IP address, the users are prompted automatically to change their password.
Which Azure service should you use?

Azure AD Identity Protection

82.
Your company plans to deploy **several** web servers and **several** database servers to Azure.
You need to recommend an Azure solution to limit the types of connections from the web servers to the database servers.
What should you include in the recommendation?

Solution: network security groups (NSGs)

83.
To what should an application connect to retrieve security tokens?

Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)

84.
Azure policies provide organizations with the ability to manage the compliance of Azure resources across multiple subscriptions.

85.
Your network contains an Active Directory forest. The forest contains 5,000 user accounts.
Your company plans to migrate all network resources to Azure and to decommission the on-premises data center.
You need to recommend a solution to minimize the impact on users after the planned migration.
What should you recommend?

Solution: Sync all the Active Directory user accounts to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)

87.
Which Azure service should you use to store certificates?

Azure Key Vault

88.
You have a resource group named RG1.
You plan to create virtual networks and app services in RG1.
You need to prevent the creation of virtual machines only in RG1.

Solution: Azure policy

(because a lock will prevent anything from being created, not just a VM, so the correct answer is : an Azure policy)

89.
What can Azure Information Protection encrypt?

AIP can encrypt documents and email messages.

90.
What should you use to evaluate whether your company's Azure environment meets regulatory requirements?

The Security Center blade from the Azure portal

92.
Your company implements Azure Information Protection add a watermark(水印) to Microsoft Word documents that contain credit card information.

93.
From Azure Activity Log, you can view which user turned off a specific virtual machine during the last 14 days.

94.
You have an Azure virtual network named VNET1 in a resource group named RG1.
You assign an Azure policy specifying that virtual networks are not an allowed resource type in RG1. VNET1 continues working normally, but you cannot create more networks.

95.
A company is planning on deploying an Azure Windows Server 2016 virtual machine. Could the virtual machine be used to encrypt all traffic from the virtual machine itself to a host on the Internet?

Yes, you can install roles such as the Remote Access Server for VPN to ensure traffic is encrypted when it flows out of the server.

97.
Authentication is the process of verifying a user's credentials.

98.
You need to configure an Azure solution that meets the following requirements:
✑ Secures websites from attacks
✑ Generates reports that contain details of attempted attacks
What should you include in the solution?

Solution: DDoS protection

99.
✑ Monitor threats by using sensors ---> Azure Advanced Threat Protection
✑ Enforce azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) based on a condition ---> Azure Active Directory Identity Protection

100.
From Azure Service Health:
- an admin can view the health of all the services deployed to an Azure environment and all the other services available in Azure
- an admin can create a rule to be alerted if an Azure service fails.


101.
Your company plans to migrate all on-premises data to Azure. You need to identify whether Azure complies with the company's regional requirements.
What should you use?

The Trust Center
(https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trust-center/compliance/regional-country-compliance)

102.
Azure Key Vault is used to store secrets for Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) user accounts.
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/quick-create-portal)

103.
- Identities stored in Azure Active Directory, third-party cloud services, and on-premises AD can be used to access Azure resources
- Azure has built-in authentification and authorization services that provide secure access to Azure resources

104.
Your company plans to automate the deployment of servers to Azure.
Your manager is concerned that you may expose administrative credentials during the deployment.
You need to recommend an Azure solution that encrypts the administrative credentials during the deployment.
What should you include in the recommendation?

Azure Key Vault

105.
You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines.
You need to **control the ports** that devices on the Internet can use to access the virtual machines.
What should you use?

A network security group (NSG)

106.
You have several virtual machines in an Azure subscription, you create a new subscription, the virtual machines can be moved to the new subscription.

107.
You attempt to create several managed Microsoft SQL Server instances in an Azure environment and receive a message that you must increase your Azure subscription limits.
What should you do to increase the limits?

Create a new support request
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-subscription-service-limits)

109.
- You can have 1 Account Administrator and 1 Service Administrator, but you can have 200 Co-Administrators per Azure Subscription
- Each Azure subscription can be managed by using a Microsoft account only

110.
Your company has 10 offices. You plan to generate several billing reports from the Azure portal. Each report will contain the Azure resource utilization of each office.
Which Azure Resource Manager feature should you use before you generate the reports?

Tags
(After you apply tags, you can retrieve all the resources in your subscription with that tag name and value. Tags enable you to retrieve related resources from different resource groups. This approach is helpful when you need to organize resources for billing or management.)

111.
- In Azure Directory Premium, at least 99.9 percent availability is guaranteed
- All paying Azure customers can claim a credit if their monthly uptime percentage is below the guaranteed amount in the SLA

112.
You deploy an Azure resource. The resource becomes unavailable for an extended period due to a service outage. Microsoft will automatically automatically credit your account

113.
Azure in public preview can be used in production environments

114.
- Basic support plan is included in an Azure free account
- A premier support plan can only be purchased by companies that have an Entreprise Agreement(EA)

115.
Your company plans to migrate to Azure. The company has several departments. All the Azure resources used by each department will be managed by a department administrator.
You need to recommend an Azure deployment that provides the ability to segment Azure for the departments. The solution must minimize administrative effort.
What should you include in the recommendation?

Multiple resource groups

116.
Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources:
✑ 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)
✑ Five groups in Azure AD
✑ 10 public IP addresses
✑ 10 network interfaces
You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company.

Solution:
Remove the unused public IP addresses to save money

119.
Maximum Available Minutes - Downtime in Minutes / Maximum Available Minutes = 100

120.
By copying several gigabits of data to Azure from an on-premises network over a VPN, additional data transfer costs are incurred
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/manage-resource-groups-portal https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/bandwidth/)

121.
A support plan solution that gives you best practice information, health status and notifications, and 24/7 access to billing information at the lowest possible cost is a **Basic support plan**.

123.
In which Azure support plans can you open a new support request?

Premier, Professional Direct, Standard, and Developer only

124.
You can create an Azure support request from the Azure portal

126.
What is guaranteed in an Azure Service Level Agreement (SLA)?

Feature availability

127.
An Azure service is available to all Azure customers when it is in public preview.

128.
Your company plans to purchase Azure.
The company's support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email.
You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement.

Solution: Recommend a Standard support plan or a Premier support plan or a Professional Direct support plan

131.
Your company plans to request an architectural review of an Azure environment from Microsoft.
The company currently has a Basic support plan.
You need to recommend a new support plan for the company. The solution must minimize costs.
Which support plan should you recommend?

Premier

133.
What is required to use Azure Cost Management?

An Enterprise Agreement (EA)

134.
Your Azure trial account expired last week. You are now unable to access your data stored in Azure

136.
Your company has 10 departments.
The company plans to implement an Azure environment.
You need to ensure that each department can use a different payment option for the Azure services it consumes.
What should you create for each department?

A subscrption

137.
- An azure free account has a spending limit
- An azure free account has a limit for the amount of data that can be uploaded to Azure
- Azure free account has a limit of 10 web, mobile or API apps

138.
An Azure service in public preview is released to all Azure customers

139.
- A single Microsoft account can be used to manage multiple Azure subscriptions
- Two Azure subscriptions CAN NOT be merged into a single subscription by creating a support request
- A comany can store resources in multiple subscriptions

140.
- The SLA guaranteed uptime for paid Azure services is at least 99.9%
- Companies can increase the SLA guaranteed uptime by adding Azure resources to multiple regions

141.
You plan to provision Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) resources in Azure.
Which resource is an example of IaaS?
 
An Azure virtual machine

143. 
You have an Azure subscription named Subscription1. You sign in to the Azure portal and create a resource group named RG1.
From Azure documentation, you have the following command that creates a virtual machine named VM1. 
az vm create --resource-group RG1 --name VM1 --image UbuntuLTS --generate-ssh-keys

You need to create VM1 in Subscription1 by using the command.
Solution: 
- From the Azure portal, launch Azure Cloud Shell and select PowerShell. Run the command in Cloud Shell.
- From a computer that runs Windows 10, install Azure CLI. 
- From PowerShell, sign in to Azure and then run the command.
- From a command prompt, sign in to Azure and then run the command.

146.
If Microsoft plans to end support for an Azure service that does NOT have a successor service, Microsoft will provide notification at least 12 months before.

147.
Your company plans to deploy several custom applications to Azure. The applications will provide invoicing services to the customers of the company. Each application will have several prerequisite applications and services installed.
You need to recommend a cloud deployment solution for all the applications.
What should you recommend?

PaaS

148.
Which Azure service provides a set of **version control** tools to manage code?

Azure Repos

149.
Which service provides network traffic filtering across multiple Azure subscriptions and virtual networks?

Azure Firewall

150.
From Compliance Manager, you can track your company's regulatory standards and regulations, such as ISO 27001.

151.
The Microsoft Online Services Privacy Statement explains what data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes the data, and the purpose of processing the data.

152.
Your company plans to migrate to Azure. The company has several departments. All the Azure resources used by each department will be managed by a department administrator.
What are two possible techniques to segment Azure for the departments? 

- Multiple subscriptions
  An Azure subscription is a container for Azure resources. It is also a boundary for permissions to resources and for billing. You are charged monthly for all resources in a subscription. 
- Multiple resource groups
  A resource group is a container that holds related resources for an Azure solution. The resource group can include all the resources for the solution, or only those resources that you want to manage as a group.

153.
Which statement accurately describes the Modern Lifecycle Policy for Azure services?

Microsoft provides a minimum of 12 months' notice before ending support for a service.

154.
You can use Budget alerts in Azure to send email alerts when the cost of the current billing period for an Azure subscription exceeds a specified limit.
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/costs/cost-mgt-alerts-monitor-usage-spending#budget-alerts)

155.
The Azure Standard support plan is the lowest cost option to receive 24x7 access to support engineers by phone.
(The order of support plans in terms of cost ranging from the cheapest to most expensive is: Basic, Developer(only email support), Standard(email&phone), Professional Direct(email&phone), Premier(email&phone).)

156.
A company has the requirement to have an **automated process** in place which would upload logs to an Azure SQL database every week. 
Reports would then be generated from the SQL database. 
Which of the following would you use for this requirement?

Azure Data Factory
(You can use the Azure Data Factory to create a pipeline that can be used to copy data. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-factory/connector-sql-server)

157.
Which of the following service would be best suited for fulfilling the requirement of "Helps business analyse how many users actually return to the application"?

Application Insights

158.
A company wants to deploy an application to Azure. The application has the below requirements:
✑ Give the ability to install and provide access to the full .Net framework
✑ Allow administrative access to the operating system
✑ Provide a level of redundancy if an Azure region fails

You decide to deploy 2 Azure Virtual Machines in 2 separate regions. And then you create a Traffic Manager Profile.

159.
A team has an Azure CosmosDB account. 
A solution needs to be in place to generate an alert from Azure Log Analytics when a query request charge exceeds 40 units more than 10 times during a 10-minute window.
Which of the following would you recommend? (Choose two.)

- Create a search query to identify when the requestCharge_s exceeds 40.
- Configure a period of 10 and a frequency of 10.

160.
Our team needs to deploy a Virtual machine that will host a SQL Server. 
The Virtual machine will have 2 data disks, one for the log file and the other for the data files. You need to recommend a caching policy for each disk.
Which of the following would you recommend for the data disk containing the logs?

None
(None = No cache. Select this option for write-only and write-heavy disks. Log files are a good candidate because they're write-heavy operations.)

161.
A company has setup an Azure subscription and an Azure tenant. You need to provide the development team to be able to start and stop Virtual Machines. The access needs to be granted on specific occasions only.
You need to ensure the permission gets assigned and use the principle of least privilege. You also need to minimize costs.
Which of the following security feature would you use for the requirement?

Privileged Identity Management

162.
A company has deployed several applications across Windows and Linux Virtual machines in Azure. Log Analytics are being used to send the required data for alerting purposes for the Virtual Machines.
You need to recommend which tables need to be queried for security related queries.
Which of the following would you query for events from Windows Event Logs?

Event

163.
A company has the following on-premise data stores.
✑ A Microsoft SQL Server 2012 database.
✑ A Microsoft SQL Server 2008 database.
✑ The data needs to be migrated to Azure.
Requirement 1 - The data in the Microsoft SQL Server 2012 database needs to be migrated to an Azure SQL database.
Requirement 2 - The data in a table in the Microsoft SQL Server 2008 database needs to be migrated to an Azure CosmosDB account that uses the SQL API.
Which of the following should be used to accomplish Requirement2?

Azure CosmosDB Data Migration tool

164.
A company is planning on deploying an Azure Web App to 2 regions.
One of the key requirements is to ensure that the web app is always running if an Azure region fails. You need to ensure deployment costs are minimized.
Which of the following service would you include in the deployment of the solution?

Azure Traffic Manager

165.
A company is planning on deploying a stateless based application based on microservices using the Azure Service Fabric service.
You need to design the infrastructure that would be required in the Azure Service Fabric service.
Which of the following should you consider? (Choose two.)

- The number of node types in the cluster
- The properties for each node type
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-fabric/service-fabric-cluster-capacity)

166.
An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. 
You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script.
Which three computers can run the script? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- a computer that runs macOS and has PowerShell Core 6.0 installed
- a computer that runs Windows 10 and has the Azure PowerShell module installed
- a computer that runs Chrome OS and uses Azure Cloud Shell

167.
Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines.
You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP.
What are two possible solutions?

- You modify an Azure firewall.
- Modify a network security group (NSG)

168.
Which task can you perform by using Azure Advisor?

Confirm that Azure subscription security follows best practices.

(Advisor provides relevant best practices to help you improve reliability, security, and performance, achieve operational excellence, https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/advisor/#features)
